Source/Base_Module/Advantages.md, before:

# Advantages

Advantages special conditions that apply to the character in general 
or to a specific skill in particular, and that have a direct effect 
on some game mechanics.

Advantages can be bought for a certain number of **training tokens**
of a certain type; the more powerful the advantage, the more high
level the training tokens needed to train a point.

While most advantages are simply possessed by a character or not,
some can have different levels. In that case, the cost of
each ulterior point will be the cost of the base previous level plus one
token of the same type.

For example, **Survival Instinct** can have a level between 1 and 4, 
each granting a higher modifier. The first level costs 3 **TT**/*Normal*;
this means that level 2 costs 4 **TT**/*Normal*, level 3 costs 5 **TT**/*Normal*
and level 4 costs 6 **TT**/*Normal*.


Some advantage could have a pre-requisite that must be fulfilled in order to be acquired. 
For example, they could require having already acquired another advantage, 
or having a certain attribute at a minimum set score.

## Premium advantages

In some cases, a character can receive an advantage as a reward for completing
a certain task. Advantages can be gained by magic, e.g. blessings, or physical conditions, 
e.g. receiving a cybernetic implant by the government as a reward for being enlisted
in a special corp.

Whenever an advantage is a acquired as a reward, that require spending the front
cost in **TT**s

## Removing advantages

It is possible to remove advantages that have become obsolete. If the player so wishes,
it can remove an advantage and recover half its nominal cost in **TT**s (rounded up). 
This doesn't include premium advantages, that is, advantages received as rewards for
in-game deeds.

## Foudnational advantages

@(index 2)
@(include Advantages/*.md)
@(endindex)

Commit message:

More on advantages and disadvantages

Source/Base_Module/Advantages.md, after:

# Advantages

Advantages special conditions that apply to the character in general 
or to a specific skill in particular, and that have a direct effect 
on some game mechanics.

Advantages can be bought for a certain number of **training tokens**
of a certain type; the more powerful the advantage, the more high
level the training tokens needed to train a point.

While most advantages are simply possessed by a character or not,
some can have different levels. In that case, the cost of
each ulterior point is the base cost plus one token of the same type
per level. For example, **Survival Instinct** can have a level between 1 and 4, 
each granting a higher modifier. The first level costs 3 **TT**/*Normal*;
this means that level 2 costs 3 + 2 = 5, level 3 costs 3 + 3 = 6
and level 4 costs 3 + 4 = 7 **TT**/*Normal*.

Some advantage could have a pre-requisite that must be fulfilled in order to be acquired. 
For example, they could require having already acquired another advantage, 
or having a certain attribute at a minimum set score.

It is also possible to acquire advantages for free, as a special reward for
a particularly brilliant deed; also, if an advantage is not needed anymore,
it can be removed, and half its total cost will be refunded (rounded up).

For more details on the advantage system, consult the 
[advantage system in the rulebook](@($RulebookAddress)/#advantages-and-disadvantages),

## Foudnational advantages

@(index 2)
@(include Advantages/*.md)
@(endindex)
