README.md, before:

# SIRPAS

Simple Role Play Adventure System. 

SIRPAS is meant to be a complete and detailed RPG system you can pick up
to play adventures in any fantasy (or real) world you can imagine, and can be
set up in one minute for a 2 hours night of fun with friends, or become a deep and
intriguing hobby with unparalleled depth.

## Howto

Books illustrating the systems are under the Books/ directory; they are broken down
in multiple Markdown files, for simpler editing and re-organization.

The file called `assembly.md` contains the top-level
inclusion directives to create the final assembled markdown.

1. Use `Scripts/build.py Source/<Book_you_want>/assembly.md -o <target.md>` to assemble a
markdown file.
1. Use your favorite .md renderer to create your final product. We suggest iconv/pandoc.

# Contributing

It's the usual thing; create a fork and file a pull request, or file a issue in the github 
**issues** section.

## Creating an extension

Sirpas extensions, also called *settings*, have a master documentin the root directory of the
repositiry, which includes the documents in a sub-directory with their own same name though
the include directive. See the London Mysteries setting for an example.

## Naming headers

Please, provide cross-reference identifiers to headers in your file, with this format:

  `##... Your Heading {#IDENTIFIER}`

Where IDENTIFIER is in the format `ABC-SECTION-lowercased-title`. ABC is a 3 letter code
identifying yout extension (for example `BaM` for the base manual and `LoM` for London
Mysteries). Section is the overall section/type of entry, one of:

* `gen`: generic, overall
* `set`: backdrop, setting
* `app`: appendix, technical documentation
* `m`: system or mechanics
* `s`: skill
* `p`: perk/drag
* `c`: attribute/characteristic
* `a`: advantage/disadvantage

## Cross-linking

You can cross-link existing headers by using the Markdown format, `[text to link](#target-header-id)`

## Special Commands

TODO

# License

[![Creative Commons License BY-NC-SA](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

SIRPAS and all the IP in the SIRPAS project are licensed under 
Creative Commons, Attribution, Non-Commercial, Share-alike.

(C) Giancarlo Niccolai, 2018

Commit message:

Reordered rulebook and base manual

README.md, after:

# SIRPAS

Simple Role Play Adventure System. 

SIRPAS is meant to be a complete and detailed RPG system you can pick up
to play adventures in any fantasy (or real) world you can imagine, and can be
set up in one minute for a 2 hours night of fun with friends, or become a deep and
intriguing hobby with unparalleled depth.

## How-to

Books illustrating the systems are under the Books/ directory; they are broken down
in multiple Markdown files, for simpler editing and re-organization.

The file called `main.md` contains the top-level
inclusion directives to create the final assembled markdown.

1. Use `Scripts/build.py Source/<Book_you_want>/main.md -o <target.md>` to assemble a
markdown file.
1. Use your favorite .md renderer to create your final product. We suggest iconv/pandoc.

# Contributing

It's the usual thing; create a fork and file a pull request, or file a issue in the github 
**issues** section.

## Creating an extension

Sirpas extensions, also called *settings*, have a master document in the root directory of the
repository, which includes the documents in a sub-directory with their own same name though
the include directive. See the London Mysteries setting for an example.

## Cross-linking

You can cross-link existing headers by using the Markdown format, `[text to link](#target-header-id)`

## Special Commands

TODO

# License

[![Creative Commons License BY-NC-SA](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

SIRPAS and all the IP in the SIRPAS project are licensed under 
Creative Commons, Attribution, Non-Commercial, Share-alike.

(C) Giancarlo Niccolai, 2018
