Source/Rulebook/Attributes/Training_attributes.md, before:

### Training attributes

Any permanent alteration to an attribute is known as "training". Generally, that
means increasing its value, but a training can be negative (i.e. because of
an accident producing a permanent disadvantage or a long-lasting curse).

The most common way to improve an attribute is spending a resource
generated by going through various in-games experiences, called 
**training tokens** (**TT**).

As attributes are hierarchical, and training base attributes is harder than
derived ones, **TT**s can only be applied to the attribute of a specific level,
or they can be exchanged with 2 **TT**s of the lower level.

In general, the hierarchy level of the **TT** is specified as a number, so
that **TT**/1 is a train token for the top tier attributes, **TT**/2 is one
for the attributes directly derived from them etc; however, every module can
declare different attribute categories and hierarchies, that aren't necessarily
following the base value chains.

For example, if a module declares a hierarchy of attributes as
```
    Primary -> Generic -> Hard Skills -> Easy Skills
```

a **TT**/Primary can be exchanged for 2 **TT**/Generic, 4 **TT**/Hard,
or 8 **TT**/Easy.

It is not possible to exchange multiple lower level tokens for a higher level one:
**TT**s represent formative experiences the characters have gone through during
a game session, and to change something at the very base if their essence,
they must have faced impressive events; a large number of small experiences
won't cut it.

> Notice that, usually, base skills will have more than 2 dependents;
this means that exchanging a higher level token for 2 lower ones is
usually not worth, unless the character really need some
differently based lower level attribute to be improved as soon as possible.

#### Training pre-requisites

Some attributes may have pre-requisites for training. They can be either:

* not accessible until one or more other attributes have reached a certain level, or
* be capped to the current level of another attribute.

For example, in a Sci-fi campaign with psionic powers, the skill **natural mentalism** may be
capped to the current value of **mental power**, and **mind melding** could be inaccessible
until **mental power** reaches at least level 10.

Eventual prerequisites are declared in the attribute description.

### In-world training (optional)

The Game Master or the modules may require additional conditions to be able to train attributes,
other than having the necessary **TT**. Some examples:

* Having an adequate trainer available for teaching;
* Undertake a specific ritual at a specific time/location;
* Having the necessary cyber implants available;
* Spending a sensible time in training;

It's totally plausible for the character to just improve as a matter of spending
the **TT**, as the tokens represent an amount of experience that *per se*, for the mere
fact of being acquired, in the general case should grant an improvement of their abilities.

But in some scenarios, the **TT** may represent a lived experience that needs to be formalized,
a token of *being ready* to take the step of the formal training.

Commit message:

Reorganized base manual into just one book.

Source/Rulebook/Attributes/Training_attributes.md, after:

### Training attributes

Any permanent alteration to an attribute is known as "training". Generally, that
means increasing its value, but a training can be negative (i.e. because of
an accident producing a permanent disadvantage or a long-lasting curse).

The most common way to improve an attribute is spending a resource
generated by going through various in-games experiences, called 
**training tokens** (**TT**).

As attributes are hierarchical, and training base attributes is harder than
derived ones, **TT**s can only be applied to the attribute of a specific level,
or they can be exchanged with 2 **TT**s of the lower level.

So, **TT/Primary** can be exchanged for 2 **TT/Secondary**, 4 **TT/Hard Skill**,
8 **TT/Normal Skill** and 16 **TT/Easy Skill**.

It is not possible to exchange multiple lower level tokens for a higher level one:
**TT**s represent formative experiences the characters have gone through during
a game session, and to change something at the very base if their essence,
they must have faced impressive events; a large number of small experiences
won't cut it.

> Notice that, usually, base skills will have more than 2 dependents;
this means that exchanging a higher level token for 2 lower ones is
usually not worth, unless the character really need some
differently based lower level attribute to be improved as soon as possible.

#### Training pre-requisites

Some attributes may have pre-requisites for training. They can be either:

* not accessible until one or more other attributes have reached a certain level, or
* be capped to the current level of another attribute.

For example, in a Sci-fi campaign with psionic powers, the skill **natural mentalism** may be
capped to the current value of **mental power**, and **mind melding** could be inaccessible
until **mental power** reaches at least level 10.

Eventual prerequisites are declared in the attribute description.

### In-world training (optional)

The Game Master or the modules may require additional conditions to be able to train attributes,
other than having the necessary **TT**. Some examples:

* Having an adequate trainer available for teaching;
* Undertake a specific ritual at a specific time/location;
* Having the necessary cyber implants available;
* Spending a sensible time in training;

It's totally plausible for the character to just improve as a matter of spending
the **TT**, as the tokens represent an amount of experience that *per se*, for the mere
fact of being acquired, in the general case should grant an improvement of their abilities.

But in some scenarios, the **TT** may represent a lived experience that needs to be formalized,
a token of *being ready* to take the step of the formal training.
