Source/Rulebook/Attributes.md, before:

## Attributes

Attributes describe a character as succinctly as possible. 
They are organized in a hierarchy. Higher level attributes are more *generic*:
they describe general aspects of your character. The lower you descend in the
hierarchy, the more detailed the attribute become. At the bottom of the hierarchy
we find **skills**, that are attributes dedicated to performing specific actions.

Attributes and skills are normally expressed as a value between 3 and 18, 
which is the range of value that can be expressed by summing the 
result of a 3d6 dice throw. A value of 3 represents the minimum skill 
level, or characteristic, that a character could have to be still 
considered minimally functional in the game world — a value below 3 
would indicate a sub-normal characteristic. A value of 18 would represent 
the apex for the game environment, and the values between 10 and 12 would be 
the most common across the reference population.

The scaling would be relative to the game setting. For example, if playing 
a campaign where the characters are Greek or Norse gods, a value of 3 on any 
statistic would probably express a level of proficiency far superior to that of
any human.

Notice that the scaling is not linear: it follows the probability distribution
of the 3d6 dice throw. For example, a character with strength 12 is just marginally 
stronger than one with strength 11, but one with strength 18 is in a totally 
different league than one with strength 17. Similarly, characters with health 
10 and 11 have a very similar constitution, but one with health 3 will 
be much weaker than one with health 4.

Modules can introduce different range and scaling for some or all the attributes; 
for example, in a vampire society an attribute like **Vampire Speed** (shortened as **VS**)
could be measured as a linear scale in a 0-99 range, where a **VS**0 is as
fast as the fastest human, with one point of difference having the same value whether the 
**VS** is 0 or 99.

@(include Attributes)

Commit message:

Reorganized base manual into just one book.

Source/Rulebook/Attributes.md, after:

## Attributes and Skills

Attributes describe a character as succinctly as possible.

Main attributes, describe the overall build of a character, indicating their
characteristics in broad categories as physical and mental, spiritual, magical, technological etc.

Skills are specialized attributes that are used to perform specific actions.

1. *Primary attributes* (or *primaries*) describe the overall build of your character.
2. *Secondary attributes* (or *secondaries*) are specializations of *primaries*
   to better describe the overall character capabilities.
3. *Hard Skills* require special training on top of the natural prowess granted by the attributes.
4. *Normal skills* just require a basic training on top of the natural abilities of a character.
5. *Easy skills* can be performed by anyone, although a special training may grant a character
    better results.

Attributes are normally expressed as a value between 3 and 18, 
which is the range of value that can be expressed by summing the 
result of a 3d6 dice throw. A value of 3 represents the minimum skill 
level, or characteristic, that a character could have to be still 
considered minimally functional in the game world — a value below 3 
would indicate a sub-normal characteristic. A value of 18 would represent 
the apex for the game environment, and the values between 10 and 12 would be 
the most common across the reference population.

The scaling would be relative to the game setting. For example, if playing 
a campaign where the characters are Greek or Norse gods, a value of 3 on any 
statistic would probably express a level of proficiency far superior to that of
any human.

Notice that the scaling is not linear: it follows the probability distribution
of the 3d6 dice throw. For example, a character with strength 12 is just marginally 
stronger than one with strength 11, but one with strength 18 is in a totally 
different league than one with strength 17. Similarly, characters with health 
10 and 11 have a very similar constitution, but one with health 3 will 
be much weaker than one with health 4.

@(include Attributes)
