## Advanced Combat

Advanced Combat is the most sophisticated combat sub-system; it expands the
basic combat system by adding a set of sub-skills for each combat skill,
called _manoeuvres_.

_Manoeuvres_ represent a special action a character can take while using
the combat skill.

There are specific manoeuvres to attack and defend in each style, and each of
them has different balances of difficulty of execution versus potential damage,
or different effects on the reset of the combat. Some manoeuvres provide
modifiers to subsequent moves, while some other generate damage also
when defending.

### Manoeuvre types

Manoeuvres are divided into _attacks_, _defences_ and _actions_. Attacks and
defences represent a mores specific usages of the base combat skill as
per the _base combat_ rules; _actions_ are
other ways a combat skill can be employed.

For example, the __aim__ manoeuvre of the __gunfight__ style is neither
an attack nor a defence: it allows to use the __gunfight__ skill as a normal
skill, and on success, it provides a bonus to the next attack.

### Manoeuvre modifier

Some manoeuvres are more difficult than others; some rely on brute force, others
on finesse of execution. To reflect this, each manoeuvre can offer different
modifiers to the various combat skill rolls.

In the advanced combat, the base skill modifier is ignored; only the
manoeuvre modifier is used.

### Manoeuvre damage

Each manoeuvre has a different damage coefficient, which depends on various
factors. In the advanced combat, the _dominance_ of the base combat skill
is ignored when computing the damage, as the damage generated by the skill
is already incorporated in the manoeuvre damage modifier.

However, eventual _dominance_ generated by weapons and other effects (i.e.
temporary spells) are still added to the _active damage_.

### Diminishing Returns

Some manoeuvres get a negative modifier if being used repeatedly against the same
target. For example, repeating using a brawl/punch has diminishing returns: your
opponent will read your move, and will be able to better defend against the same
attack. In those situations, you’ll want to be less predictable, and use other
manoeuvres, or other styles altogether.

This factor is called __diminishing return__ (**DR**) for a certain manoeuvre.
