Base_System/Injury_and_Damage/Damage_Mitigation.md, before:

## Damage Mitigation

Incoming damage can be mitigated in several ways. Medieval warriors wear armours
that are extremely effective against cut damage; modern army and militia
fighters wear anti-piercing kevlar jackets; an advanced AI might have redundancy
modules to mitigate the effect of maddening; a monk can meditate to absorb
despair, and so on.

The amount of incoming damage removed is called Damage Mitigation (DM).
Armours, advantages and other means of mitigation that act regardless of the
activity of the character provide an automatic DM, called passive mitigation,
often only for a specific type or subtype of damage source.
Some skill can actively be used to mitigate incoming damage; in that case, the
character receiving the damage must perform a successful check on the skill to
activate the mitigation.

The total value of mitigation after counting all the sources is subtracted from
the incoming damage.

Mitigation cannot reduce the incoming damage to less than 1 DP (unless the
character has the Total Mitigation advantage).

Commit message:

Combat refinement (#3)
* Work in progress

* Rebalancing the combat system required a finetuning of the injury system

* Added an advantage to ignore part of the malus for injuries.

* Simplification of the combat system, nearly done

* Combat complete, need to rebalance the skills

* Putting the technical stuff in another branch

* Rebalancing base combat skills

* Renamed generic Manoeuvres to Generic combat skills

* Rebalanced combat

* Rebalanced combat

Base_System/Injury_and_Damage/Damage_Mitigation.md, after:

## Damage Mitigation

Incoming damage can be mitigated in several ways. Medieval warriors wear armours
that are extremely effective against _cut_ damage; modern army and militia
fighters wear _piercing_ resistant kevlar jackets; an advanced AI might have redundancy
modules to mitigate the effect of _maddening_; a monk can meditate to absorb
_despair_, and so on.


The amount of incoming damage removed is called _damage mitigation_ (**DM**).

Armours, advantages and other means of mitigation that act regardless of the
activity of the character provide an automatic **DM** called
_passive mitigation_.

Also, some skills can actively be used to mitigate incoming damage;
in that case, the character receiving the damage must perform a successful
check on the skill to activate the mitigation.


The total value of mitigation after counting all the sources is subtracted from
the incoming damage.

Mitigation cannot reduce the incoming damage to less than 0 **DP**.

### Scratches on active mitigation (optional)

If the count of **DP** after _passive mitigation_ is 0, the character doesn't
receive any damage. However, if it's brought down to zero by
_active mitigation_, a scratch is generated nevertheless (unless the the
character has the [__total mitigation__](#total-mitigation) advantage).
