Base_System/Injury_and_Damage/Special_Injury_Rules.md, before:

## Special Injury Rules

As an example and as a base for expansions, we describe here the rules about
wounds and injury points on different type of characters. Your setting might
have different rules for the same characters described here, as the following
are just examples taken from the basic rules.

* Dragons: They can sustain 16 injury points, regardless from the wound count.
* Ghosts (weak): They can sustain 4 injury points, and any light wound is
  automatically turned into a serious wound.
* Goblins and Kobolds: They can receive 3 wounds only before becoming disabled.
* Orcs: They can sustain 6 wounds before becoming disabled, and their disabled
  status table is the same as that for humans with a bonus of 2 points (e.g. they
  are conscious up to 8 injury points).
* Vampires (low rank): They can receive 8 wounds. If the total count of injury
  points is less than 16, they are forced to retreat and cannot combat until
  healed. If the count of injury points is greater than 16, they turn into ash.
* Zombies: They can’t receive light or serious wounds, but are destroyed when
  they receive a heavy or deadly wound. When they receive a light or
  serious wound, they are unharmed, but the damage count stays at the level of
  their health (e.g. it becomes easier to inflict a deeper wound).

Some set of rules are standardised, and can be readily applied to a wide range
of characters in the adventure.

Commit message:

Combat refinement (#3)
* Work in progress

* Rebalancing the combat system required a finetuning of the injury system

* Added an advantage to ignore part of the malus for injuries.

* Simplification of the combat system, nearly done

* Combat complete, need to rebalance the skills

* Putting the technical stuff in another branch

* Rebalancing base combat skills

* Renamed generic Manoeuvres to Generic combat skills

* Rebalanced combat

* Rebalanced combat

Base_System/Injury_and_Damage/Special_Injury_Rules.md, after:

## Special Injury Rules

Here follow some different _injury rules_ applied to specific type of
characters. Your setting might
have different rules for the same characters described here, as the following
are just examples taken from the basic rules.

* Ghosts (weak): They can sustain 4 injury points, and any light wound is
  automatically turned into a serious wound.
* Vampires (low rank): They can receive 8 wounds. If the total count of injury
  points is less than 16, they are forced to retreat and cannot combat until
  healed. If the count of injury points is greater than 16, they turn into ash.
* Zombies: They are immune to light or serious wounds, but are destroyed when
  they receive a heavy or deadly wound.

Below, there are some examples of characters following the
_standard injury rule_ with some special parameters:

* Dragons: They have **DL/IP**=16. This means that
   they can sustain 16 injury points before becoming disabled,
   regardless from the wound count.
* Goblins and Kobolds: Their **DL/W** is 3. It means that they can receive
   3 wounds only before becoming disabled.
* Orcs: **DL/W** = 6. They can sustain 6 wounds before becoming disabled.
     Also, their _disabled
     status_ table is the same as that for humans with a bonus of 2 points
     (e.g. they are conscious up to 8 injury points).
