## Standard Injury Rule {#BaM-m-standard-injury-rule}

The most common rule regulating **DP**, _wounds_ and **IP** is called
_standard injury rule_, and is applied to any character unless differently
specified.

Commonly, when the received damage passes a certain threshold called
_resistance level_ (**RL**), the character suffers a wound.

In the base system, the **RL** is [__health__](#BaM-c-health), for physical damage, 
and [__equilibrium__](#BaM-c-equilibrium),  for mental damage.

### Disable Level {#BaM-m-disable-level}

Characters have a _disable level_ (**DL**), which is expressed either
in _number of wounds_ (**DL/W**) or in injury points (**DL/IP**). Once the
count of _wounds_, or the total _injury points_, is equal or above the
_disable level_, the character is _disabled_, that is, unable to perform
any action, possibly unconscious or even dying.

The default _disable level_ for human and human-sized animals is __DL/W__=4:
they can sustain 4 wounds before being disabled.

### Scratches {#BaM-m-scratches}

Sustained damage that is not enough to cause a wound counts as a _scratch_.
Once a character receives a number of _scratches_ equal to its __DL/W__,
it suffers a __light wound__ (and the count of _scratches_ is cleared).

### Injury thresholds {#BaM-m-injury-threshold}

To determine the severity of wounds generated by the received damage, follow
this table:

| RL    | Light | Serious | Heavy |
|-------|-------|---------|-------|
| 19-21 | 4     | 11      | 18    | 
| 16-18 | 3     | 9       | 15    |
| 13-15 | 3     | 8       | 13    |
| 10-12 | 2     | 6       | 10    |
| 7-9   | 2     | 5       | 8     |
| 3-6   | 1     | 3       | 5     |

The table is computed through the following procedure:

1. Divide the **RL** by 6 and round up to get the *light wounds* threshold.
1. Divide the **RL** by 3 and round up.
1. Add numbers at 1 and 2 to get the *serious wounds* threshold.
1. Add numbers at 2 and 3 to get the *heavy wounds* threshold.
1. Add 4 to the **RL** to get the *deadly wounds** threshold.

For example, with **RL** 8, divide by 6 and round up, to get the *light wounds* threshold,
which is 2. Then, divide 8 by three and round up, obtaining 3. The *serious* and *heavy*
thresholds are respectively 2+3=5 and 2+3+3=8. Then, add 4+8=12 for the *deadly wounds*
threshold.

> You should write down the _injury thresholds_ for __health__, __equilibrium__
and other **RL** statistics on your character sheet.

### Injury penalty {#BaM-m-injury-penalty}

Unless differently specified, any character suffers a negative modifier
equal to the currently sustained **IP** to _any action_.

### Deadly Wounds (optional) {#BaM-m-deadly-wounds}

When the damage sustained is greater than the **RL**+4, the character receives a
_deadly wound_.

To avert an immediate death, the character must win _resistance check_ against
the damage source. For example, if the damage was
caused by a poison, the character must perform a check on
[__poison resistance__](#BaM-s-poison-resistance).

> The description of skills indicates whether it can be used in specific
_resistance checks_ or not.

When character can't use any specific resistance skill, the check is performed
on __body__, if the damage is physical, or __mind__, if it's mental.

If the check is successful, the character receives a _heavy wound_.

> Remember that the _resistance check_ receives a negative modifier equal
to the current count of injury points, as any other action.


### Disabled Status {#BaM-m-disabled-status}

When a character receives more _wounds_ or **IP** than it can sustain,
it becomes disabled.

The following Disabled Status Table describes the seriousness of the disabled
status on humanoids and human-sized animals in common settings:

$(include /Base_System/tables/disabled_status.md)

When a character is disabled, performing any action against it (including
killing it) doesn’t require checks; however, this doesn’t apply if the acting
character is anyhow busy with something else, for example, in a combat.

A disabled character can recover naturally, if the wounds are not serious
enough; otherwise, unless treated, it will die.
The action of treating potentially lethal is called _stabilization_.
Specific skills, perks and magic
can be used in order to stabilise a disabled character.
